Add note about setting limits (#370)
JuliaPlots/UnicodePlots.jl: README.md

  ```
  <img src="https://github.com/JuliaPlots/UnicodePlots.jl/raw/unicodeplots-docs/3.x/lineplot3.png" width="450"><br>
  

>   These mutating methods cannot update the limits of the axes (xlims & ylims) as plots are drawn onto a fixed canvas. The limits must be set by the plotting function that crestes the figure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These mutating methods cannot update the limits of the axes (xlims & ylims) as plots are drawn onto a fixed canvas. The limits must be set by the plotting function that creates the figure or by creating an empty `Plot`:
  ```julia
  p = Plot(; xlim=(-1, 3), ylim=(-1, 3))
  lineplot!(p, 1:2)
  ```
```
